Add sections for variance errors (#3)
bennycode/typescript-errors: errors/includes/TS2xxx/TS2636.md

## TS2636

> > error TS2636: Type 'Func<super-T>' is not assignable to type 'Func<sub-T>' as implied by variance annotation. Type 'super-T' is not assignable to type 'sub-T'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> error TS2636: Type '`Func<super-T>`' is not assignable to type '`Func<sub-T>`' as implied by variance annotation. Type '`super-T`' is not assignable to type '`sub-T`'.
```
